WG meeting 06 July 2022
############################
:date: 2022-07-07 10:03:45
:modified: 2022-07-07 10:03:45
:authors: Ankur Sinha
:category: Events
:tags: Meeting logs, Community
:slug: wg-meeting-06-july-2022
:summary: These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 06 July, 2022.

.. raw:: html

   <center>

.. figure:: {static}/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg
    :alt: Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash
    :width: 40%
    :class: img-responsive
    :target: #

    Photo by `Daria Nepriakhina <https://unsplash.com/@epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText>`__ on Unsplash.

.. raw:: html

   </center>
   <br />


These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software WG meeting that was held on 6th July, 2022.
The next progress meeting will be held `in August <{filename}/pages/contact.rst>`__.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new ticket.

Attendees
----------

0800 UTC

- Ankur Sinha
- Stuart Heitmann
- Felix Kern
- Shailesh Appukuttan
- Padraig Gleeson
- Marcel Stimberg


1700 UTC

- Marcel Stimberg
- Ankur Sinha


CNS*2022 Satellite tutorials: recap
-----------------------------------

The primary agenda for the meeting was to discuss the software working group satellite tutorials.

- there were 256 registrants in total
- for each session, more than 85 people had indicated that they would attend, but average turn out was at about 10--20 for each session

We discussed ideas for the next round of satellite tutorials to increase turn out:

- we could send out daily reminders with links during the tutorial days

  - per session e-mails could also be sent out, but would be too much work to do manually (and error prone)
  - needs to be automated in a way that e-mails don't end up in spam: can be scripted using tool such as `mailmerge <https://mailtrap.io/blog/python-mail-merge/>`__

- also generate and attach an ICS calendar file to e-mails so attendees can add to their calendars
- we could require additional confirmation/cancellation before starting; this will give us better idea of who will attend, but won't necessarily increase attendance
- we could have a low registration fee: this will filter out people who "just sign up", but may not increase actual attendance

  - could include registration waivers for students
  - could make it free for INCF/OCNS members: encourage memberships

- people may not have known enough about tools to know what sessions to attend

  - we could have a starting keynote on introduction to comp neuro, and then it gives attendees an idea of what is going to be featured during the tutorials

    - it'll be good to get a high profile speaker who would be happy to do this to increase attendance

  - see also https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/61
  - we could also have a recording with a few minutes about each tool that's featured in the satellite tutorials: teaser type video; so that people can watch a quick YouTube video and get an idea of all tutorials
  - we could also have a set of slides based on a template showing the features of each tool
  - these last few ideas require some extra work from participating tutors

- Spreading the sessions over weeks instead of days in a week may not necessarily increase attendance
- ACTION: Ankur create and send out feedback survey to registrants to gather information on what went well and why people were not able to attend; it's important to understand if it was because people missed sessions because the information/calendar wasn't clearly accessible so that we can improve on these
- does it make sense to do it *after* the conferences to build on the momentum of the conference: can be done, the next ones in ~6 months time will be independent of the conference
- we must push both INCF and OCNS to send out communications about the sessions
- we may repeat this again in 6 months, with improvements: "Simulator week"?

  - Depends on how many software WG folks can commit to spending time on helping with organisation

- ACTION: Ankur e-mail all tutors with our discussion and improvements for the next iteration, asking if they'd be happy to re-do sessions if we repeat in 6 months.


Other general discussion
-------------------------

- WG organise half day hack sessions/unconferences/sprints to work on tasks of common interest

  - best practices document
  - simulators page

- Informal meet up at Bernstein conference

INCF Assembly
--------------

Didn't have time in morning session, not discussed

- D&I session: https://hackmd.io/s/SJgYACqQ9
- Software Arena
