WG meeting 14 June 2022
############################
:date: 2022-07-07 09:54:14
:modified: 2022-07-07 09:54:14
:authors: Ankur Sinha
:category: Events
:tags: Meeting logs, Community
:slug: wg-meeting-14-june-2022
:summary: These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 14 June, 2022.

.. raw:: html

   <center>

.. figure:: {static}/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg
    :alt: Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash
    :width: 40%
    :class: img-responsive
    :target: #

    Photo by `Daria Nepriakhina <https://unsplash.com/@epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText>`__ on Unsplash.

.. raw:: html

   </center>
   <br />


These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software WG meeting that was held on 14th June, 2022.
The next progress meeting will be held `in July <{filename}/pages/contact.rst>`__.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new ticket.


Attendees
-----------

0800 UTC

- Malin Sandstrom
- Thomas Nowotny
- Felix Kern
- Ankur Sinha

1700 UTC

- Jim Perlewitz
- Marcel Stimberg
- Ankur Sinha


CNS*2022 Satellite tutorials
----------------------------

The primary goal of the meeting was to check up on our preparations for upcoming the satellite tutorials.

- Milestone: https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/milestone/3
- INCF: blog post: https://www.incf.org/blog/incfocns-software-working-group-free-tool-tutorials-june-27-july-1
- ACTION: Ankur check if posted on Neurostars **DONE**
- ACTION: Ankur send reminder to all tutors to record session: they'll be uploaded to the INCF training space: **DONE**
- ACTION: Ankur set up simple feedback form up with a simple text box **WIP**
- ACTION: Ankur update schedule page with recordings as soon as they become available **DONE**
- ACTION: Ankur add links to OSBv2 repositories/workspaces on schedule page. **DONE**
- ACTION: Ankur send out reminder e-mail in week before tutorials **DONE**
- ACTION: Ankur check on slide for working group **DONE**
- ACTION: Ankur e-mail slide to tutors and request them to introduce the working group: ask WG members to do it for sessions they'd attend, need to get them in touch with tutors. **INCOMPLETE**
- ACTION: Ankur ask a few WG members to login to hackmd.io and make then co-owners so multiple people can edit the doc and Ankur is not the single point of contact/failure. **DONE** (added Shailesh)

Tasks from last meeting
------------------------

- Minutes: https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/05/23/wg-meeting-09-may-2022.html
- All done: no pending tasks


Moving comp-neuro mailing list
-------------------------------

There was a short discussion about moving the comp-neuro mailing list to INCF infrastructure.

- Archives would need to be kept
- Need to investigate how much work it is to migrate archives
- Can we get an estimate of the cost for moving + running? (needed to progress w INCF discussion of hosting)
- Possible solution: move to a cloud provider
- Ankur can also reach out to Fedora/Red Hat/IBM to see if they can host our mailing lists as part of some type of sponsorship. **WIP**
