WG meeting 19 September 2022
############################
:date: 2022-09-27 11:00:24
:modified: 2022-09-27 11:00:24
:authors: Ankur Sinha
:category: Events
:tags: Meeting logs, Community
:slug: wg-meeting-19-september-2022
:summary: These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 19 September, 2022.

.. raw:: html

   <center>

.. figure:: {static}/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg
    :alt: Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash
    :width: 40%
    :class: img-responsive
    :target: #

    Photo by `Daria Nepriakhina <https://unsplash.com/@epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText>`__ on Unsplash.

.. raw:: html

   </center>
   <br />


These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software WG meeting that was held on 19th September, 2022.
The next progress meeting will be held `in October <{filename}/pages/contact.rst>`__.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new ticket.

Attendees
---------

0800

- Ankur Sinha (UCL/Open Source Brain/NeuroML)
- Dinara Issagaliyeva (INCF/Charite Universitätsmedizin Berlin)
- Malin Sandström (INCF)
- Shailesh Appukuttan (CNRS/EBRAINS)
- Chitaranjan Mahapatra (CNRS/EBRAINS)
- Stewart Heitmann (Victor Chang Cardiac Research Institute)

1700

- Ankur Sinha
- Reema Gupta (LMU/In2PrimateBrains Consortium)


Agenda
-------


Tasks from last meeting
------------------------

- No pending tasks from last meeting (or to be discussed in their own topics)

Updates from CNS 2022
----------------------

- Stewart: software showcase very useful (only one showcase this year)
- Showcases: excellent opportunity to quickly introduce tool to community
- Lower turnout at Melbourne
- Will be good to see how next year at Leipzig is attended
- People seem to prefer learning in their own time rather than attend live tutorials---also because we're spending more time on documentation and improved video tutorials

  - Try `flipped classroom format <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flipped_classroom>`__?
  - pre-recorded videos/tutorials, and the live meting would then be to work interactively on something bigger/student projects etc.?
  - unclear how much work this would be to organize
  - standard tutorial not very useful if also already available as video

- Idea: include showcases in next year's satellite tutorials (online)
- Question: will CNS2023 have an online component?

Brief update from the OCNS Board Meeting (Malin)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- discussed diversity
- satellite tutorials were good to improve diversity
- SIGs/WGs are good for diversity, equity, and inclusivity (DEI)
- endorsement of tools

  - good to do but the board doesn't have the bandwidth to take this on
  - sensitive issue: must focus on positives
  - Software WG would be the logical place for endorsement; we have related tasks in the pipeline:

    - guidelines (WIP): set of principles that everyone agrees on as required for a good tool
    - page on picking tools, which lists featured (WIP)

  - software prizes?

    - similar issues with not stepping on toes
    - could have many prizes in many different categories to cover lots of different software

  - possible collaboration with `pyOpenSci <https://www.pyopensci.org/blog/new-executive-director-leah-wasser>`__?

- best to set up a task force for longer WG activities that works intensively on the selected task (guidelines/form)

  - incentives

    - CV: task forces are important volunteering/service opportunities
    - learning/participation experience
    - possible citation: could be published in the F1000 INCF journal or pre-print/Zenodo/etc.

- ACTION: Ankur send out e-mail to try and set up task forces for the two long running tasks
- NOTE: new guidelines/etc. must be kept up to date
- Also ask wider community for task force contributions
- Make DEI regular event at OCNS conference: Board positive response

  - have a community development component at each annual conference

    - DEI
    - student/post-doc development
    - software showcases
    - grant applications
    - software best-practices

  - larger discussion that needs to be held at Board level


Updates from INCF assembly
---------------------------

- videos publicly available before end of the year

  - DEI sessions to be publicised widely

- need more time for DEI discussion
- good session for start
- lots of good points (but overlapping also)
- Gather: limitation: cannot directly record, had to use specific tool
- Ask INCF if possible to prevent clash with Bernstein/other conferences

Satellite tutorials feedback form
----------------------------------

- small data set
- people seem to be happy to pay a small amount

  - have waiver in place similar to NeuroMatch conference
  - organization that funds the platforms will receive the registration fees

- find sponsors to reduce the token registration fee?

  - WG unlikely to have bandwidth to look for sponsors
  - will need to lean on OCNS/INCF sponsors (OCNS has a sponsorship chair on the board)

- see how much INCF ended up paying for the platforms at the Assembly (Malin will see if this info is available)
- registration fee important to get better idea of actual attendance numbers.

Other
-------

- https://www.nitrc.org/ -> add to resources
- Guidelines: add use-cases as examples
