WG meeting 11 April 2022
############################
:date: 2022-04-21 17:06:09
:modified: 2022-04-21 17:06:09
:authors: Ankur Sinha
:category: Events
:tags: Meeting logs, Community
:slug: wg-meeting-11-april-2022
:summary: These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 11 April, 2022.

.. raw:: html

   <center>

.. figure:: {static}/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg
    :alt: Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash
    :width: 40%
    :class: img-responsive
    :target: #

    Photo by `Daria Nepriakhina <https://unsplash.com/@epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText>`__ on Unsplash.

.. raw:: html

   </center>
   <br />


These are the meeting logs from the Software WG meeting that was held on 11th April, 2022.
The next progress meeting will be held `in May <{filename}/pages/contact.rst>`__.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new ticket.

Attendees
-----------

- Ankur Sinha
- Shailesh Appukuttan
- Felix Kern
- Malin Sandstrom

Preset Agenda
--------------
From https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/65

CNS 2022 tutorials
===================

- Go over survey results.
- Decide on satellite tutorial sessions (we are confirming them with the OCNS organising committee now, and should have confirmation soon).

  - WG members are invited to hold tutorial sessions for their respective tools.
  - We will reach out to non WG members to invite them to organise sessions for their tools.

Diversity & inclusion session at INCF assembly
==============================================

- Birds of a feather "bof" session has been accepted.
- We need input on what sessions to organise and who to invite.
- We need input on what the goals (deliverables) of this session should be.

Software arena session at INCF assembly
========================================

- Has also been accepted.
- Input on the best way of doing this, and what our expected goals are.

WG business
============

- We don't currently have a way of actively communicating with the WG membership because we don't have a mailing list sort of thing where any announcements go straight to the members' inboxes (we don't even have all your e-mails because we decided not to use mailing lists when we started).
- The worry, however, is that using GitHub tickets/discussions is passive---i.e., folks do get notifications, but they still need to come up to the repository to engage.
- The lack of something like a mailing list also means that we don't have a way of actively informing the community (outside our membership) of our activities.

So:

- Do we need a better way of keeping the wg membership in the loop? Are you satisfied with our current way of doing things?
- Are fixed meeting slots working? (we've had a lower than usual turnout recently---what can we do to help more of our members attend meetings?)

For communicating with the research community:

- Should we send more updates to the already existing mailing lists (for example, should a note of our meeting be sent there?)
- Or do we need a new mailing list/newsletter setup that folks can subscribe to? (in case our frequent posts to already existing mailing lists are thought to be an abuse of their policies?)


Increasing our membership
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- What steps can we take to encourage more folks to join the WG?
- Are their incentives we can think of to encourage students to join us for example? Simpler tasks for them to do, for example? (see https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/63 for example).

"Easyfix"
~~~~~~~~~

- Thoughts on https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/63

Standardisation of simulator generated data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Possibility of standardising simulation generated output data (or facilitating conversion to NWB type formats to take advantage of the software/analysis ecosystem).


Minutes
-------

CNS 2022 satellite tutorials
=============================

- Most people (WG and OCNS) that we've contacted are in favour of free online software satellite tutorials.
- So, we will assume they're going to happen and plan accordingly.

  - ACTION: WG to finalise schedule, sessions by end of April and submit to Tutorials chair.

- CNS 2022: 16th-20th July.
- Satellite tutorials (tentative): 27th June-1st July.

  - This ensures that they are early enough to not conflict with attendees' travel arrangements.
  - Open ticket and let folks comment if it *does not* work for them.

- Software WG will host tutorials on whatever tools/technologies the members are able to take up.
- For stuff that's not manageable by WG, we will invite developers and other research community members to deliver tutorials about their tools of choice.

- We will probably need to set up a single registration form to collect e-mail addresses to send out links/information about the tutorials.

  - The form can include check boxes for each session so we have idea of per session interest/attendance.

- Issue filed: https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/67

D&I session at INCF Assembly
=============================

- September 13th, 2022.
- https://hackmd.io/s/SJgYACqQ9
- Start reaching out to prospective speakers ASAP to have confirmation for sessions (people are already planning the Autumn, so do this *ASAP*).
- Ideas for invitation draft: Malin.

Software arena session at INCF assembly
========================================

- September 14th, 2022.
- Session on making it easier to cite software (Marcel, Brian?).
- Target audience: software developers.
- Invite developers from outside the WG.

  - Malin has list of GSoC mentors: can invite them.

WG business
============

Mailing list
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- We will set up a new mailing list for announcements only.
- Discussions etc. will continue on GitHub.
- People attending WG sessions etc. are added to the ML so they can be kept in the loop.
- ACTION: new mailing list softwarewg AT lists.INCF.org (Malin)

  - Ankur, Shailesh, Felix, Malin: initial admins/moderators.

- Continue sending usual updates to other public mailing lists.

- Issue filed: https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/70
- Also filed for discussion around WG meeting time: https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/66

User targeted sessions: "Software highlights"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Idea: dissemination of tools in neuroscience.
- Try to get in touch with training focussed communities such as NeuroMatch to recommend that they direct their "students" to these sessions as follow-up.

  - INCF work with Neuromatch, so should be able to get us in touch.

- ACTION: need more volunteers to help us keep these going regularly.
- Start new after summer vacations, near September.
- Send announcements to lists.
- Ask developers of new tools to get in touch.
- Software WG members keep eye on publications on new software (JOSS etc.).

Encouraging folks to join the WG:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Remember to show the slide Malin had made for the WG showing participants etc.


Easyfix
~~~~~~~

- https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/63
- sounds like an idea worth trying.
- ACTION: Ankur set up demo. (WIP)

Software wg survey
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Include link in next OCNS announcement.
- ACTION: Ankur request OCNS Vice president (Thomas Nowotny) to include link to survey in next correspondence. (Done)

Standardisation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Out of time, so relegated to next meeting.
