WG meeting 10 January 2022
##########################
:date: 2022-02-04 09:58:35
:modified: 2022-02-04 09:58:35
:authors: Ankur Sinha
:category: Events
:tags: Meeting logs, Community
:slug: wg-meeting-10-january-2022
:summary: These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 10 January, 2022.



.. raw:: html

   <center>

.. figure:: {static}/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg
    :alt: Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash
    :width: 40%
    :class: img-responsive
    :target: #

    Photo by `Daria Nepriakhina <https://unsplash.com/@epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText>`__ on Unsplash.

.. raw:: html

   </center>
   <br />


These are the meeting logs from the Software WG meeting that was held on 10th January, 2022.
The next progress meeting will be held `in February <{filename}/pages/contact.rst>`__.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please feel free to open a new ticket.

Preset Agenda
--------------
https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/56

Attendees
----------

- Ankur Sinha (Silver Lab, UCL)
- Shailesh Appukuttan (NeuroPSI, CNRS)
- Thomas Nowotny (University of Sussex)
- Joe Graham (SUNY Downstate)
- James Knight (University of Sussex)
- Marcel Stimberg (Sorbonne University, Paris, France)


Minutes
--------

How can we improve participation in our events?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Shailesh/Thomas N (Software WG members on the OCNS Board) will poke the OCNS Board Social Media chair to share our sessions on OCNS accounts.
- We can balance user and developer related sessions.
- We can have a survey to gauge audience interest and topics

  - The survey needs to be short (2-3 minutes)
  - It should include a list of tutorials we can deliver
  - It should include a text box to allow people to make other suggestions
  - Shailesh to make survey form
  - Shailesh/Ankur send out to mailing lists


Apart from our regular dev talks, what other events to plan this coming year?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- more user focussed events
- CNS tutorials

Notes/comments/discussion on the software citation principles dev session
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Credit in software development is not as clear/established as in papers
- Could recommend citing both paper and exact version of software tools used (in methods)
- Zenodo does give you a DOI for "all versions", but this links to latest
- `Citation.cff` on GitHub allows you to define multiple citations (preferred), but this needs to be done manually
- Software Heritage IDs: point to exact snapshots; more for archival and permanent URLs. For example: https://archive.softwareheritage.org/browse/origin/directory/?origin_url=https://github.com/NeuralEnsemble/libNeuroML
- We can float the idea of Software Citation talk as part of primary conference program to OCNS Board


Preparation for CNS 2022
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Prefer satellite tutorials before the conference (at least more than 2 days before so that folks aren't travelling)
- try and keep it very very cheap to encourage student participation: preferably have different registration rates
- can disconnect from Sched etc. that are used for the main meeting if necessary

Making the working group more diverse
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Reach out to people who may be able to help us get started

  - NEST folks
  - Sharon Crook

- Other links:

  - https://www.frontiersin.org/research-topics/26999/women-in-computational-neuroscience
  - https://www.alba.network/

    - Srikanth Ramaswamy (new OCNS Board member) is involved in this, could loop them in.

  - https://anneslist.net/

- Outreachy: https://www.outreachy.org/

  - Example (NeuroFedora): https://www.outreachy.org/outreachy-december-2021-internship-round/communities/fedora/#extend-and-improve-neurofedoras-user-consumable-ar
  - Usually hard because of dual requirements of technical and scientific knowledge
  - May work with less technical tasks: infrastructure/documentation


Jitsi
~~~~~

Worked well, agree to continue using it for future meetings.
