WG meeting 14 February 2023
############################
:date: 2023-03-08 17:35:35
:modified: 2023-03-08 17:35:35
:authors: Ankur Sinha
:category: Events
:tags: Meeting logs, Community
:slug: wg-meeting-14-february-2023
:summary: These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 14 February, 2023.

.. raw:: html

   <center>

.. figure:: {static}/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg
    :alt: Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash
    :width: 40%
    :class: img-responsive
    :target: #

    Photo by `Daria Nepriakhina <https://unsplash.com/@epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText>`__ on Unsplash.

.. raw:: html

   </center>
   <br />


These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software WG meeting that was held on 14th February 2023.
The next progress meeting will be held `in March <{filename}/pages/contact.rst>`__.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new ticket.

Attendees
=========

0800

- Shailesh Appukuttan
- Ankur Sinha

1700

- Ankur Sinha
- Marcel Stimberg
- Chitaranjan Mohaptra


Agenda
=======

https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/126

- plans for CNS2023 (if any)

  - https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/125

- (Shailesh): about having a new co-chair to replace myself. I have been finding it difficult in recent months to devote much time to the admin activities of the group, and it would therefore be useful to have someone else step-up and help manage the WG. I will naturally continue to contribute as a member of the WG. Forming the task forces (for the two ongoing tasks) was a nice example of how some of the workload could be distributed and managed.
- Code of Conduct

  - https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/123

- Task force updates


Notes
======

- CNS2023: do not do satellite tutorials this year

  - continue with dev sessions and software highlights
  - if/when possible, do more things of general interest

    - reproducibility
    - model visualisation
    - etc.

  - ACTION: Ankur comment on ticket with updates (DONE)

    - See: `ticket <https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/125#issuecomment-1460539119>`__

- ACTION: Ankur mention in notifications that we're looking for a new co-chair

  - if we do have lots of candidates, we can consider an election

- Code of Conduct:

  - point to OCNS Code of Conduct
  - let co-chairs be in-charge of enforcement, with possibility of reaching out to externals when necessary
  - ACTION: Ankur update website (DONE)

- Task force updates

  - Simselect: lots of steady progress

    - core team meets every two weeks
    - agreement on database/data description
    - consensus on general idea of what the resource needs to look like
    - at stage where prototyping is required to flesh out more details
    - more information on ticket: https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/117

  - Guidelines task force

    - no sense in writing another programming guide etc., which already exist in plenty
    - needs to be something that addresses a niche that the Software WG has expertise in
    - replace with something like an informal cookbook that includes useful tips/tricks/snippets that can be used in computational neuroscience

      - See, for example: https://web.archive.org/web/20170227062636/http://neuralensemble.org/cookbook/

    - ACTION: Ankur comment on `ticket <https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/116>`__ suggesting we (DONE):

      - add section on "guidelines" to the `resources page on our website <https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/resources.html>`__
      - close `ticket <https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/116>`__
      - suggest "cook book" instead of guidelines
