WG meeting 21 April 2023
############################
:date: 2023-09-25 11:19:25
:modified: 2023-09-25 11:19:25
:authors: Ankur Sinha
:category: Events
:tags: Meeting logs, Community
:slug: wg-meeting-21-april-2023
:summary: These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 21 April, 2023.

.. raw:: html

   <center>

.. figure:: {static}/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg
    :alt: Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash
    :width: 40%
    :class: img-responsive
    :target: #

    Photo by `Daria Nepriakhina <https://unsplash.com/@epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText>`__ on Unsplash.

.. raw:: html

   </center>
   <br />


These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software WG meeting that was held on 21st April 2023.
The next progress meeting will be held `in October <{filename}/pages/contact.rst>`__.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new ticket.

Attendees
---------

0800

- Brent Huisman
- Ankur Sinha
- Marcel Stimberg
- Chitaranjan Mohaptra


Agenda
======

- Tasks from last meeting: https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/03/20/wg-meeting-15-march-2023.html
- Tasks force updates
- RFC: WG presence at CNS 2023 #125
- Call for self-nominations for co-chairing the WG #129
- Use of https://gitter.im/OCNS/SoftwareWG

Minutes
=========

Tasks from last meeting
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- All actions complete


Presence at CNS 2023
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Informal get together in breaks/after the conference.

Task force updates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Simselect
++++++++++

- working towards a 0.1 MVP release: https://github.com/OCNS/simselect/milestone/1
- prototype live here: https://simselect.fly.dev
- we continue to meet every two weeks, recurrent meeting at 1300 UTC on Wednesday, next meeting on 3 May

Cookbook
++++++++++

- It was decided another guideline isn't needed. Many exist.
- Task force concluded. New task force: CompNeuroCookBook

New task force: CompNeuroCookBook
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

- example: https://faircookbook.elixir-europe.org/content/home.html
- https://github.com/OCNS/CompNeuroCookBook
- ACTION: Ankur https://github.com/OCNS/CompNeuroCookBook/issues/7: DONE
- ACTION: Ankur close old ticket on guidelines taskforce with explanation: https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/116

Call for self-nominations for co-chairing the WG #129
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Marcel Stimberg is the/a new co-chair

Use of https://gitter.im/OCNS/SoftwareWG
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Create new issue to highlight gitter channel: DONE
- Ankur stress on Gitter channel in logs e-mail
- Use video call feature in Gitter/Element for future meetings: DONE
- Pin message to GH Discussions pointing users to Gitter: DONE
