<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom"><title>INCF/OCNS Software WG - Community</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/" rel="alternate"></link><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/feeds/tags/community.atom.xml" rel="self"></link><id>https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/</id><updated>2024-06-26T11:24:52+01:00</updated><subtitle>The INCF/OCNS Software Working Group</subtitle><entry><title>WG meeting 9 July 2024: Software Tools for Systems Neuroscience (Adam Tyson)</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2024/06/26/wg-meeting-9-july-2024-software-tools-for-systems-neuroscience-adam-tyson-.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2024-06-26T11:24:52+01:00</published><updated>2024-06-26T11:24:52+01:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2024-06-26:/SoftwareWG/2024/06/26/wg-meeting-9-july-2024-software-tools-for-systems-neuroscience-adam-tyson-.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;The next &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting will be on July 9, 2024 at 1500 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt;. Adam Tyson will present the tools that they develop for systems neuroscience at their research&amp;nbsp;group.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;p&gt;The next &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting will be on July 9, 2024 at 1500 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt;.
Adam Tyson will present the tools that they develop for Systems Neuroscience at their research group.
The presentation will be followed by a Q&amp;amp;A, followed by working group&amp;nbsp;business.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;When: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=INCF%2FOCNS+Software+WG+meeting%3A+Software+Tools+Systems+Neuroscience+%28Adam+Tyson%29&amp;amp;iso=20240709T16&amp;amp;p1=136"&gt;July 9, 1500 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt; (&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=0ae207588d5e8c6423bd3d71a1627b0d03c4bb047baa1bc92a9d62f56fc9c75a%40group.calendar.google.com&amp;amp;ctz=Europe%2FLondon"&gt;Event calendar&lt;/a&gt;) (&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/0ae207588d5e8c6423bd3d71a1627b0d03c4bb047baa1bc92a9d62f56fc9c75a%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics"&gt;iCal&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ucl.zoom.us/j/91017703246?pwd=RmdwMW9xL0FFaFVVL0Z6dUtnbkplZz09"&gt;Zoom&lt;/a&gt; (you will be required to be logged into Zoom to attend the&amp;nbsp;session)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="The Neuroinformatics Unit at the Sainsbury Wellcome Centre develops software tools for systems neuroscience." class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20240626-neuroinformatics-dev.png" style="width: 60%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;The &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://neuroinformatics.dev/"&gt;Neuroinformatics Unit&lt;/a&gt; at the Sainsbury Wellcome Centre develops software tools for systems&amp;nbsp;neuroscience.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;Understanding the brain requires processing and analysing large, multidimensional datasets.
Systems neuroscience, in particular, has undergone a drastic transformation, with individual labs now commonly generating terabytes or even petabytes of data annually.
While there has been an increase in software tools to process this data, many of these tools are single-purpose, inadequately maintained, or poorly integrated with the broader software ecosystem.
This talk will outline some of the tools we are developing for &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://brainglobe.info/"&gt;computational neuroanatomy&lt;/a&gt;, &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://movement.neuroinformatics.dev/"&gt;video behavioural analysis&lt;/a&gt;, and &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://neuroblueprint.neuroinformatics.dev/"&gt;data management&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;About the&amp;nbsp;speaker:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Adam Tyson is the Head Research Engineer at the &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.sainsburywellcome.org/web/"&gt;Sainsbury Wellcome Centre&lt;/a&gt; and &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.ucl.ac.uk/gatsby/gatsby-computational-neuroscience-unit"&gt;Gatsby Computational Neuroscience&lt;/a&gt; Unit at University College London.
He established the &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://neuroinformatics.dev/"&gt;Neuroinformatics Unit&lt;/a&gt;, a research software engineering team dedicated to developing robust, maintainable, and user-friendly software tools for neuroscience and machine learning.
Adam completed a PhD in neuroscience at King’s College London before working as a software developer at the Institute of Cancer Research and the Sainsbury Wellcome&amp;nbsp;Centre.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Resources:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;BrainGlobe: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://brainglobe.info/"&gt;https://brainglobe.info/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Movement: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://movement.neuroinformatics.dev/"&gt;https://movement.neuroinformatics.dev/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;NeuroBluePrint: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://neuroblueprint.neuroinformatics.dev/"&gt;https://neuroblueprint.neuroinformatics.dev/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Neuroinformatics Unit: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://neuroinformatics.dev/"&gt;https://neuroinformatics.dev/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Analysis"></category><category term="Automation"></category><category term="Community"></category><category term="Computational Neuroanatomy"></category><category term="Free/Open Source Software"></category><category term="Meeting"></category><category term="Software development"></category><category term="Software highlight"></category><category term="Neuroscience"></category><category term="Systems Neuroscience"></category><category term="Big data"></category></entry><entry><title>WG meeting 14 May 2024: SpikeInterface (Pierre Yger)</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2024/05/07/wg-meeting-14-may-2024-spikeinterface-pierre-yger-.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2024-05-07T11:30:13+01:00</published><updated>2024-05-07T11:30:13+01:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2024-05-07:/SoftwareWG/2024/05/07/wg-meeting-14-may-2024-spikeinterface-pierre-yger-.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;The next &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting will be on May 14, 2024 at 1500 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt;. Pierre Yger will present &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://spikeinterface.readthedocs.io/en/latest/"&gt;SpikeInterface&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;p&gt;The next &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting will be on May 14, 2024 at 1500 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt; where Pierre Yger will present &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://spikeinterface.readthedocs.io/en/latest/"&gt;SpikeInterface&lt;/a&gt;.
The presentation will be followed by a Q&amp;amp;A, followed by working group&amp;nbsp;business.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;When: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=INCF%2FOCNS+Software+WG+meeting%3A+SpikeInterface+%28Pierre+Yger%29&amp;amp;iso=20240514T16&amp;amp;p1=136"&gt;May 14, 1500 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/a&gt; (&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=MGFlMjA3NTg4ZDVlOGM2NDIzYmQzZDcxYTE2MjdiMGQwM2M0YmIwNDdiYWExYmM5MmE5ZDYyZjU2ZmM5Yzc1YUBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t"&gt;Event calendar&lt;/a&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://ucl.zoom.us/j/91017703246?pwd%3DRmdwMW9xL0FFaFVVL0Z6dUtnbkplZz09&amp;amp;sa=D&amp;amp;source=calendar&amp;amp;usd=2&amp;amp;usg=AOvVaw0UfBxH8z9mz_0FYct0F-8f"&gt;Zoom&lt;/a&gt; (you will be required to be logged into Zoom to attend the&amp;nbsp;session)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="Spike Interface" class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20240407-spikeinterface.png" style="width: 100%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;Spike&amp;nbsp;Interface&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;Much development has been directed toward improving the performance and automation of spike sorting. This continuous development, while essential, has contributed to an over-saturation of new, incompatible tools that hinders rigorous benchmarking and complicates reproducible analysis. To address these limitations, we developed SpikeInterface, a Python framework designed to unify preexisting spike sorting technologies into a single codebase and to facilitate straightforward comparison and adoption of different approaches. With a few lines of code, researchers can reproducibly run, compare, and benchmark most modern spike sorting algorithms; pre-process, post-process, and visualize extracellular datasets; validate, curate, and export sorting outputs; and more. In this paper, we provide an overview of SpikeInterface and, with applications to real and simulated datasets, demonstrate how it can be utilized to reduce the burden of manual curation and to more comprehensively benchmark automated spike&amp;nbsp;sorters.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Papers and&amp;nbsp;resources:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://spikeinterface.readthedocs.io/en/latest/"&gt;https://spikeinterface.readthedocs.io/en/latest/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://elifesciences.org/articles/61834"&gt;https://elifesciences.org/articles/61834&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Meeting"></category><category term="Community"></category><category term="SpikeInterface"></category></entry><entry><title>WG meeting 09 October 2023</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/10/10/wg-meeting-09-october-2023.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2023-10-10T10:29:42+01:00</published><updated>2023-10-10T10:29:42+01:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2023-10-10:/SoftwareWG/2023/10/10/wg-meeting-09-october-2023.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 09 October,&amp;nbsp;2023.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash" class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg" style="width: 40%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;Photo by &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://unsplash.com/&amp;#64;epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;amp;amp;utm_content=creditCopyText"&gt;Daria Nepriakhina&lt;/a&gt; on&amp;nbsp;Unsplash.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting that was held on 09th October 2023.
The next progress meeting will be held &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/contact.html"&gt;in November&lt;/a&gt;.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new&amp;nbsp;ticket.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="attendees"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Attendees&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Marcel&amp;nbsp;Stimberg&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Regrets:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Shailesh&amp;nbsp;Appukuttan&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="agenda"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Agenda&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Introductions, get to know each&amp;nbsp;other&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Announcements&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt; 2024 will be in Natal, Brazil. July 20-24, 2024: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.cnsorg.org/cns-2024"&gt;https://www.cnsorg.org/cns-2024&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Task force updates&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Simselect&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Cookbook&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ideas for more sessions (tutorials/spotlights/dev&amp;nbsp;sessions)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; Director elections: self nominations are open till 11th&amp;nbsp;October&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="minutes"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Minutes&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#minutes" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="tasks-from-last-meeting"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Tasks from last meeting&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#tasks-from-last-meeting" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;No tasks from last&amp;nbsp;meeting&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="task-force-updates"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Task force updates&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#task-force-updates" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="simselect"&gt;
&lt;h5&gt;Simselect&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#simselect" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h5&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;v0.1 prototype live at: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://simselect.fly.dev/project_browser"&gt;https://simselect.fly.dev/project_browser&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;meets every two weeks on Wednesday at 1300 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt; (see &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/117"&gt;this ticket&lt;/a&gt; for&amp;nbsp;announcements)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;consolidated notes are here: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://hackmd.io/LWjtz9ykQbm7yg5X_RKpCQ"&gt;https://hackmd.io/LWjtz9ykQbm7yg5X_RKpCQ&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;working on next&amp;nbsp;version&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;looking for more people to get involved to&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;help with the design of the next&amp;nbsp;iteration&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;help us understand how to best display&amp;nbsp;data&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;help with&amp;nbsp;implementation&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;help with&amp;nbsp;testing&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;provide feedback on all updates to the&amp;nbsp;application&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur e-mail list calling for more&amp;nbsp;participation&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="cookbook"&gt;
&lt;h5&gt;Cookbook&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#cookbook" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h5&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;lives at &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/CompNeuroCookBook/index.html"&gt;https://ocns.github.io/CompNeuroCookBook/index.html&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;open for more&amp;nbsp;contributions&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;if you have a code snippet you use regularly, please share it with the community&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;how to contribute: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/CompNeuroCookBook/Contributing.html"&gt;https://ocns.github.io/CompNeuroCookBook/Contributing.html&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="ocns-elections"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; elections&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#ocns-elections" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Candidate nominations are still open, there&amp;#8217;s still time to nominate yourself: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.cnsorg.org/election-procedures"&gt;https://www.cnsorg.org/election-procedures&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="other-discussion"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Other discussion&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#other-discussion" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="satellite-tutorials-in-2023-2024"&gt;
&lt;h5&gt;Satellite tutorials in 2023/2024&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#satellite-tutorials-in-2023-2024" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h5&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;not sure if a week of online tutorials is the best format, given our experience in&amp;nbsp;2021&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="replication-challenge"&gt;
&lt;h5&gt;Replication challenge&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#replication-challenge" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h5&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Similar to the &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://paperswithcode.com/rc2022"&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ML&lt;/span&gt; replication&amp;nbsp;challenge&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Replicate published&amp;nbsp;models&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Submit to &lt;a class="reference external" href="http://rescience.github.io/read/"&gt;rescience-c&lt;/a&gt; for review +&amp;nbsp;publication&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will involve lots of community members, who already replicate existing models in their&amp;nbsp;projects&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will involve simulator developers who can help people with their specific&amp;nbsp;questions&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Fits in with both &lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt;/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;&amp;nbsp;goals&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur mail &lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt;, software wg, and simulator developers to get feedback on&amp;nbsp;idea&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur open ticket to collect&amp;nbsp;feedback&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Meeting logs"></category><category term="Community"></category></entry><entry><title>WG meeting 21 April 2023</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/09/25/wg-meeting-21-april-2023.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2023-09-25T11:19:25+01:00</published><updated>2023-09-25T11:19:25+01:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2023-09-25:/SoftwareWG/2023/09/25/wg-meeting-21-april-2023.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 21 April,&amp;nbsp;2023.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash" class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg" style="width: 40%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;Photo by &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://unsplash.com/&amp;#64;epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;amp;amp;utm_content=creditCopyText"&gt;Daria Nepriakhina&lt;/a&gt; on&amp;nbsp;Unsplash.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting that was held on 21st April 2023.
The next progress meeting will be held &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/contact.html"&gt;in October&lt;/a&gt;.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new&amp;nbsp;ticket.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="attendees"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Attendees&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;0800&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Brent&amp;nbsp;Huisman&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Marcel&amp;nbsp;Stimberg&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chitaranjan&amp;nbsp;Mohaptra&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="agenda"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Agenda&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tasks from last meeting: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/03/20/wg-meeting-15-march-2023.html"&gt;https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/03/20/wg-meeting-15-march-2023.html&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tasks force&amp;nbsp;updates&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;RFC&lt;/span&gt;: &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; presence at &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt; 2023&amp;nbsp;#125&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Call for self-nominations for co-chairing the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt;&amp;nbsp;#129&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Use of &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://gitter.im/OCNS/SoftwareWG"&gt;https://gitter.im/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="minutes"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Minutes&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#minutes" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="tasks-from-last-meeting"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Tasks from last meeting&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#tasks-from-last-meeting" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;All actions&amp;nbsp;complete&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="presence-at-cns-2023"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Presence at &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt; 2023&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#presence-at-cns-2023" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Informal get together in breaks/after the&amp;nbsp;conference.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="task-force-updates"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Task force updates&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#task-force-updates" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="simselect"&gt;
&lt;h5&gt;Simselect&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#simselect" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h5&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;working towards a 0.1 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;MVP&lt;/span&gt; release: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/simselect/milestone/1"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/simselect/milestone/1&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;prototype live here: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://simselect.fly.dev"&gt;https://simselect.fly.dev&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;we continue to meet every two weeks, recurrent meeting at 1300 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt; on Wednesday, next meeting on 3&amp;nbsp;May&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="cookbook"&gt;
&lt;h5&gt;Cookbook&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#cookbook" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h5&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;It was decided another guideline isn&amp;#8217;t needed. Many&amp;nbsp;exist.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Task force concluded. New task force:&amp;nbsp;CompNeuroCookBook&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="new-task-force-compneurocookbook"&gt;
&lt;h5&gt;New task force: CompNeuroCookBook&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#new-task-force-compneurocookbook" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h5&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;example: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://faircookbook.elixir-europe.org/content/home.html"&gt;https://faircookbook.elixir-europe.org/content/home.html&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/CompNeuroCookBook"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/CompNeuroCookBook&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/CompNeuroCookBook/issues/7"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/CompNeuroCookBook/issues/7&lt;/a&gt;: &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur close old ticket on guidelines taskforce with explanation: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/116"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/116&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="call-for-self-nominations-for-co-chairing-the-wg-129"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Call for self-nominations for co-chairing the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; #129&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#call-for-self-nominations-for-co-chairing-the-wg-129" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Marcel Stimberg is the/a new&amp;nbsp;co-chair&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="use-of-https-gitter-im-ocns-softwarewg"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Use of &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://gitter.im/OCNS/SoftwareWG"&gt;https://gitter.im/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG&lt;/a&gt;&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#use-of-https-gitter-im-ocns-softwarewg" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Create new issue to highlight gitter channel: &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur stress on Gitter channel in logs&amp;nbsp;e-mail&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Use video call feature in Gitter/Element for future meetings: &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Pin message to &lt;span class="caps"&gt;GH&lt;/span&gt; Discussions pointing users to Gitter: &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Meeting logs"></category><category term="Community"></category></entry><entry><title>WG meeting 15 March 2023</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/03/20/wg-meeting-15-march-2023.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2023-03-20T18:09:22+00:00</published><updated>2023-03-20T18:09:22+00:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2023-03-20:/SoftwareWG/2023/03/20/wg-meeting-15-march-2023.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 15 March,&amp;nbsp;2023.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash" class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg" style="width: 40%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;Photo by &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://unsplash.com/&amp;#64;epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;amp;amp;utm_content=creditCopyText"&gt;Daria Nepriakhina&lt;/a&gt; on&amp;nbsp;Unsplash.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting that was held on 15th March 2023.
The next progress meeting will be held &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/contact.html"&gt;in March&lt;/a&gt;.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new&amp;nbsp;ticket.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="attendees"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Attendees&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;0800&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Marcel&amp;nbsp;Stimberg&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Shailesh&amp;nbsp;Appukuttan&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chitaranjan&amp;nbsp;Mohaptra&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;1700&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;AHSAN&lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UL&lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class="caps"&gt;HAQ&lt;/span&gt; (Masters student in&amp;nbsp;Physics)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;KOffivi (Masters student in &lt;span class="caps"&gt;HPC&lt;/span&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="agenda"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Agenda&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tasks from last meeting: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/03/08/wg-meeting-14-february-2023.html"&gt;https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/03/08/wg-meeting-14-february-2023.html&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;RFC&lt;/span&gt; &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS2023&lt;/span&gt;: &lt;span class="caps"&gt;RFC&lt;/span&gt;: &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; presence at &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt; 2023: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/125"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/125&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Tasks force&amp;nbsp;updates&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="minutes"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Minutes&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#minutes" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="tasks-from-last-meeting"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Tasks from last meeting&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#tasks-from-last-meeting" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;All actions&amp;nbsp;complete&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Shailesh open new ticket for new co-chair: &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/129"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/129&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Please self-nominate, or speak to colleagues and nominate&amp;nbsp;them.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;To nominate, e-mail the current chairs (ankur &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DOT&lt;/span&gt; sinha &lt;span class="caps"&gt;AT&lt;/span&gt; ucl &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DOT&lt;/span&gt; ac &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DOT&lt;/span&gt; uk; appukuttan &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DOT&lt;/span&gt; shailesh &lt;span class="caps"&gt;AT&lt;/span&gt; gmail &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DOT&lt;/span&gt;&amp;nbsp;com)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;End of nomination period: March 31,&amp;nbsp;2023.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="cns-2023"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt; 2023&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#cns-2023" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Definitely do a social&amp;nbsp;gathering&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Defer decision on tutorial/workshops until next meeting so we have information on&amp;nbsp;submissions/scheduling&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Raise question of extra day/dedicated day for community development sessions (student/postdoc related, career, funding, &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DEI&lt;/span&gt;, general training that&amp;#8217;s not specific to&amp;nbsp;tools)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur e-mail board to ask if there&amp;#8217;s someplace we can feature the&amp;nbsp;SoftwareWG&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur e-mail president to suggest Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; be added to members meeting&amp;nbsp;agenda&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="task-force-updates"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Task force updates&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#task-force-updates" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="simselect"&gt;
&lt;h5&gt;Simselect&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#simselect" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h5&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;working on &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UI&lt;/span&gt;, dockerised&amp;nbsp;prototype&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://fly.io/"&gt;https://fly.io/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.netlify.com/pricing/#features"&gt;https://www.netlify.com/pricing/#features&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.heroku.com/pricing"&gt;https://www.heroku.com/pricing&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="cookbook"&gt;
&lt;h5&gt;Cookbook&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#cookbook" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h5&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur rename software development guidelines repo for cookbook: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareDevelopmentGuidelines"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareDevelopmentGuidelines&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur set up template and submission&amp;nbsp;process&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="misc"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Misc&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#misc" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt; neuroinformatics assembly: September 18-20 2023, online: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://neuroinformatics.incf.org/"&gt;https://neuroinformatics.incf.org/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Call for workshops: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.incf.org/update/call-workshops-incf-neuroinformatics-assembly-2023"&gt;https://www.incf.org/update/call-workshops-incf-neuroinformatics-assembly-2023&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;GSoC: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://neurostars.org/c/gsoc/5"&gt;https://neurostars.org/c/gsoc/5&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Outreachy: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.outreachy.org/"&gt;https://www.outreachy.org/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Open Science pot for academic/research&amp;nbsp;projects&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Next meeting in 3rd week of April, on account of the Easter&amp;nbsp;break&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Meeting logs"></category><category term="Community"></category></entry><entry><title>WG meeting 14 February 2023</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/03/08/wg-meeting-14-february-2023.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2023-03-08T17:35:35+00:00</published><updated>2023-03-08T17:35:35+00:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2023-03-08:/SoftwareWG/2023/03/08/wg-meeting-14-february-2023.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 14 February,&amp;nbsp;2023.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash" class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg" style="width: 40%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;Photo by &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://unsplash.com/&amp;#64;epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;amp;amp;utm_content=creditCopyText"&gt;Daria Nepriakhina&lt;/a&gt; on&amp;nbsp;Unsplash.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting that was held on 14th February 2023.
The next progress meeting will be held &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/contact.html"&gt;in March&lt;/a&gt;.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new&amp;nbsp;ticket.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="attendees"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Attendees&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;0800&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Shailesh&amp;nbsp;Appukuttan&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;1700&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Marcel&amp;nbsp;Stimberg&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chitaranjan&amp;nbsp;Mohaptra&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="agenda"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Agenda&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/126"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/126&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;plans for &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS2023&lt;/span&gt; (if any)&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/125"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/125&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;(Shailesh): about having a new co-chair to replace myself. I have been finding it difficult in recent months to devote much time to the admin activities of the group, and it would therefore be useful to have someone else step-up and help manage the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt;. I will naturally continue to contribute as a member of the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt;. Forming the task forces (for the two ongoing tasks) was a nice example of how some of the workload could be distributed and&amp;nbsp;managed.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Code of Conduct&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/123"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/123&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Task force&amp;nbsp;updates&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="notes"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Notes&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#notes" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS2023&lt;/span&gt;: do not do satellite tutorials this year&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;continue with dev sessions and software&amp;nbsp;highlights&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;if/when possible, do more things of general interest&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;reproducibility&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;model&amp;nbsp;visualisation&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;etc.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur comment on ticket with updates (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;)&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;See: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/125#issuecomment-1460539119"&gt;ticket&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur mention in notifications that we&amp;#8217;re looking for a new co-chair&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;if we do have lots of candidates, we can consider an&amp;nbsp;election&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Code of Conduct:&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;point to &lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; Code of&amp;nbsp;Conduct&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;let co-chairs be in-charge of enforcement, with possibility of reaching out to externals when&amp;nbsp;necessary&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur update website (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Task force updates&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Simselect: lots of steady progress&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;core team meets every two&amp;nbsp;weeks&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;agreement on database/data&amp;nbsp;description&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;consensus on general idea of what the resource needs to look&amp;nbsp;like&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;at stage where prototyping is required to flesh out more&amp;nbsp;details&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;more information on ticket: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/117"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/117&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Guidelines task force&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;no sense in writing another programming guide etc., which already exist in&amp;nbsp;plenty&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;needs to be something that addresses a niche that the Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; has expertise&amp;nbsp;in&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;replace with something like an informal cookbook that includes useful tips/tricks/snippets that can be used in computational neuroscience&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;See, for example: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20170227062636/http://neuralensemble.org/cookbook/"&gt;https://web.archive.org/web/20170227062636/http://neuralensemble.org/cookbook/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur comment on &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/116"&gt;ticket&lt;/a&gt; suggesting we (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;):&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;add section on &amp;#8220;guidelines&amp;#8221; to the &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/resources.html"&gt;resources page on our&amp;nbsp;website&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;close &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/116"&gt;ticket&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;suggest &amp;#8220;cook book&amp;#8221; instead of&amp;nbsp;guidelines&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Meeting logs"></category><category term="Community"></category></entry><entry><title>WG meeting 16 January 2023</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2023/02/01/wg-meeting-16-january-2023.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2023-02-01T10:30:55+00:00</published><updated>2023-02-01T10:30:55+00:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2023-02-01:/SoftwareWG/2023/02/01/wg-meeting-16-january-2023.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 16 January,&amp;nbsp;2023.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash" class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg" style="width: 40%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;Photo by &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://unsplash.com/&amp;#64;epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;amp;amp;utm_content=creditCopyText"&gt;Daria Nepriakhina&lt;/a&gt; on&amp;nbsp;Unsplash.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting that was held on 16th January 2023.
The next progress meeting will be held &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/contact.html"&gt;in February&lt;/a&gt;.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new&amp;nbsp;ticket.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="attendees"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Attendees&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;1700&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Marcel&amp;nbsp;Stimberg&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chitaranjan&amp;nbsp;Mahapatra&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Apologies:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Shailesh&amp;nbsp;Appukuttan&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="agenda"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Agenda&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/120"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/120&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;task force&amp;nbsp;updates&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;ideas for sessions (dev sessions, hightlights&amp;nbsp;etc.)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;initial discussion on whether or not we want to host satellite tutorials along with (before?) &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt;*2023 (the conference is in Leipzig from July&amp;nbsp;15-19)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;tasks from last meeting (no pending tasks from last&amp;nbsp;meeting)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="task-force-updates"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Task force updates&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#task-force-updates" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="guidelines-task-force"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Guidelines task force&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#guidelines-task-force" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;unsure of scope at the&amp;nbsp;moment&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Chitaranjan set up new doodle to plan next meeting: meeting in week starting 30 January to allow time for doodle&amp;nbsp;filling&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="simulator-selection-resource"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Simulator selection resource&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#simulator-selection-resource" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;consolidated updates document: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://hackmd.io/LWjtz9ykQbm7yg5X_RKpCQ?view"&gt;https://hackmd.io/LWjtz9ykQbm7yg5X_RKpCQ?view&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;progress on&amp;nbsp;scope&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;progress on inclusion&amp;nbsp;criteria&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;progress on &amp;#8220;front end&amp;#8221;&amp;nbsp;design&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;focus more on information useful to user/newcomer rather than technical&amp;nbsp;information/criteria&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;regular meeting schedule: alternate Wednesdays on 14 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt;. Next meeting is 25th January at 1400 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UTC&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;4-5 regular task force members (more are always&amp;nbsp;welcome!)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="ideas-for-sessions"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Ideas for sessions&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#ideas-for-sessions" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur e-mail list asking for&amp;nbsp;ideas&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Marcel e-mail Dendrify devs about software hightlight/dev session and &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CC&lt;/span&gt; Ankur/Shailesh (&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/93"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/93&lt;/a&gt;) (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="initial-discussion-on-satellite-tutorials-at-cns-2023"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Initial discussion on Satellite tutorials at &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt; 2023&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#initial-discussion-on-satellite-tutorials-at-cns-2023" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.cnsorg.org/"&gt;https://www.cnsorg.org/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;2022: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/software-wg-satellite-tutorials-at-cns-2022.html"&gt;https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/software-wg-satellite-tutorials-at-cns-2022.html&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;unsure if people are interested in live teaching sessions when they can go through documentation/videos/notebooks at their own pace when&amp;nbsp;required&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;if we do a repeat of last year, we will charge a small registration fee to filter out people that are registering for meetings but not necessarily attending: it will be a small fee, that can be waived without requiring documentation (similar to Neuromatch&amp;nbsp;conferences)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;we will use something like &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://sched.com"&gt;Sched&lt;/a&gt; to ensure regular reminders are sent to&amp;nbsp;registrants&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;we will ask either &lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt;/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; to fund us, and they get whatever registration fees are collected in&amp;nbsp;return&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;alternatives&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;software wg open day with a mix of user and dev focussed sessions, open to everyone to&amp;nbsp;attend&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;short software highlights some time before the conference to give people an idea of the tools (and what to expect from tutorials at &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt;): open to&amp;nbsp;everyone&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;reproduction projects:&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;tutors (tool devs) list some models that they would like reproduced in their&amp;nbsp;simulators&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="dquo"&gt;&amp;#8220;&lt;/span&gt;students&amp;#8221; work with them to reproduce&amp;nbsp;them&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;submit to&amp;nbsp;rescience&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Issue: probably not doable in a day, so if done, will be a longer term project requiring multiple&amp;nbsp;meetings&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;internships
- usually require some buy in from institutions, so not easy to&amp;nbsp;do&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur put all this in a GitHub issue for&amp;nbsp;discussion&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur e-mail tutors from last year to see what they think and what they are ready to&amp;nbsp;do&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Meeting logs"></category><category term="Community"></category></entry><entry><title>WG meeting 10 October 2022</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/10/17/wg-meeting-10-october-2022.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2022-10-17T12:02:04+01:00</published><updated>2022-10-17T12:02:04+01:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2022-10-17:/SoftwareWG/2022/10/17/wg-meeting-10-october-2022.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 10 October,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash" class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg" style="width: 40%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;Photo by &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://unsplash.com/&amp;#64;epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;amp;amp;utm_content=creditCopyText"&gt;Daria Nepriakhina&lt;/a&gt; on&amp;nbsp;Unsplash.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting that was held on 10th October, 2022.
The next progress meeting will be held &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/contact.html"&gt;in November&lt;/a&gt;.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new&amp;nbsp;ticket.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="attendees"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Attendees&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;0800&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Dinara Issagaliyeva (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt;/Charite)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;1700&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Katarzyna&amp;nbsp;Piekarz&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Marcel&amp;nbsp;Stimberg&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Rahaf&amp;nbsp;Albalkhi&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="agenda"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Agenda&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="tasks-from-last-meeting"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Tasks from last meeting&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#tasks-from-last-meeting" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/09/27/wg-meeting-19-september-2022.html"&gt;https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/09/27/wg-meeting-19-september-2022.html&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur send out e-mail to try and set up task forces for the two long running tasks: &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DONE&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="setting-up-task-forces"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Setting up task forces&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#setting-up-task-forces" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Wait for 2 weeks, till 23 October, for folks to join before initialising task&amp;nbsp;forces&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Once deadline has passed, task forces organise initial meeting to get&amp;nbsp;started&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Wait for responses before reaching out to more public&amp;nbsp;channels&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur mention deadline in tickets/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ML&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur e-mail &lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; asking to e-mail membership about task forces if&amp;nbsp;required&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Software development guidelines&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/116"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/116&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Resource to allow users to select simulator to use&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/117"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/117&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="open-floor"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Open floor&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#open-floor" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur ping dev session/software highlight/tutorial&amp;nbsp;tickets&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;HED&lt;/span&gt; tools, Brian2CUDA in&amp;nbsp;pipeline&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; board election candidate period is open: strongly encourage folks from under-represented groups to self-nominate&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.cnsorg.org/board-of-directors"&gt;https://www.cnsorg.org/board-of-directors&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.cnsorg.org/election-procedures"&gt;https://www.cnsorg.org/election-procedures&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;open to members: sign up for membership here: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.cnsorg.org/join-ocns"&gt;https://www.cnsorg.org/join-ocns&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Meeting logs"></category><category term="Community"></category></entry><entry><title>WG meeting 19 September 2022</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/09/27/wg-meeting-19-september-2022.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2022-09-27T11:00:24+01:00</published><updated>2022-09-27T11:00:24+01:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2022-09-27:/SoftwareWG/2022/09/27/wg-meeting-19-september-2022.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 19 September,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash" class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg" style="width: 40%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;Photo by &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://unsplash.com/&amp;#64;epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;amp;amp;utm_content=creditCopyText"&gt;Daria Nepriakhina&lt;/a&gt; on&amp;nbsp;Unsplash.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting that was held on 19th September, 2022.
The next progress meeting will be held &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/contact.html"&gt;in October&lt;/a&gt;.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new&amp;nbsp;ticket.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="attendees"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Attendees&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;0800&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur Sinha (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;UCL&lt;/span&gt;/Open Source&amp;nbsp;Brain/NeuroML)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Dinara Issagaliyeva (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt;/Charite Universitätsmedizin&amp;nbsp;Berlin)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Malin Sandström (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Shailesh Appukuttan (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNRS&lt;/span&gt;/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;EBRAINS&lt;/span&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Chitaranjan Mahapatra (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNRS&lt;/span&gt;/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;EBRAINS&lt;/span&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Stewart Heitmann (Victor Chang Cardiac Research&amp;nbsp;Institute)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;1700&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Reema Gupta (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;LMU&lt;/span&gt;/In2PrimateBrains&amp;nbsp;Consortium)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="agenda"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Agenda&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="tasks-from-last-meeting"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Tasks from last meeting&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#tasks-from-last-meeting" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;No pending tasks from last meeting (or to be discussed in their own&amp;nbsp;topics)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="updates-from-cns-2022"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Updates from &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt; 2022&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#updates-from-cns-2022" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Stewart: software showcase very useful (only one showcase this&amp;nbsp;year)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Showcases: excellent opportunity to quickly introduce tool to&amp;nbsp;community&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Lower turnout at&amp;nbsp;Melbourne&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Will be good to see how next year at Leipzig is&amp;nbsp;attended&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;People seem to prefer learning in their own time rather than attend live tutorials&amp;#8212;-also because we&amp;#8217;re spending more time on documentation and improved video tutorials&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Try &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flipped_classroom"&gt;flipped classroom format&lt;/a&gt;?&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;pre-recorded videos/tutorials, and the live meting would then be to work interactively on something bigger/student projects&amp;nbsp;etc.?&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;unclear how much work this would be to&amp;nbsp;organize&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;standard tutorial not very useful if also already available as&amp;nbsp;video&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Idea: include showcases in next year&amp;#8217;s satellite tutorials&amp;nbsp;(online)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Question: will &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS2023&lt;/span&gt; have an online&amp;nbsp;component?&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="brief-update-from-the-ocns-board-meeting-malin"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Brief update from the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; Board Meeting (Malin)&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#brief-update-from-the-ocns-board-meeting-malin" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;discussed&amp;nbsp;diversity&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;satellite tutorials were good to improve&amp;nbsp;diversity&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;SIGs/WGs are good for diversity, equity, and inclusivity (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;DEI&lt;/span&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;endorsement of tools&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;good to do but the board doesn&amp;#8217;t have the bandwidth to take this&amp;nbsp;on&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;sensitive issue: must focus on&amp;nbsp;positives&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; would be the logical place for endorsement; we have related tasks in the pipeline:&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;guidelines (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;WIP&lt;/span&gt;): set of principles that everyone agrees on as required for a good&amp;nbsp;tool&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;page on picking tools, which lists featured (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;WIP&lt;/span&gt;)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;software prizes?&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;similar issues with not stepping on&amp;nbsp;toes&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;could have many prizes in many different categories to cover lots of different&amp;nbsp;software&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;possible collaboration with &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.pyopensci.org/blog/new-executive-director-leah-wasser"&gt;pyOpenSci&lt;/a&gt;?&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;best to set up a task force for longer &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; activities that works intensively on the selected task (guidelines/form)&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;incentives&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;CV&lt;/span&gt;: task forces are important volunteering/service&amp;nbsp;opportunities&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;learning/participation&amp;nbsp;experience&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;possible citation: could be published in the F1000 &lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt; journal or&amp;nbsp;pre-print/Zenodo/etc.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;ACTION&lt;/span&gt;: Ankur send out e-mail to try and set up task forces for the two long running&amp;nbsp;tasks&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;NOTE&lt;/span&gt;: new guidelines/etc. must be kept up to&amp;nbsp;date&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Also ask wider community for task force&amp;nbsp;contributions&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Make &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DEI&lt;/span&gt; regular event at &lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; conference: Board positive response&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;have a community development component at each annual conference&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;DEI&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;student/post-doc&amp;nbsp;development&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;software&amp;nbsp;showcases&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;grant&amp;nbsp;applications&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;software&amp;nbsp;best-practices&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;larger discussion that needs to be held at Board&amp;nbsp;level&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="updates-from-incf-assembly"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Updates from &lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt; assembly&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#updates-from-incf-assembly" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;videos publicly available before end of the year&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;DEI&lt;/span&gt; sessions to be publicised&amp;nbsp;widely&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;need more time for &lt;span class="caps"&gt;DEI&lt;/span&gt;&amp;nbsp;discussion&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;good session for&amp;nbsp;start&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;lots of good points (but overlapping&amp;nbsp;also)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Gather: limitation: cannot directly record, had to use specific&amp;nbsp;tool&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ask &lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt; if possible to prevent clash with Bernstein/other&amp;nbsp;conferences&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="satellite-tutorials-feedback-form"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Satellite tutorials feedback form&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#satellite-tutorials-feedback-form" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;small data&amp;nbsp;set&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;people seem to be happy to pay a small amount&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;have waiver in place similar to NeuroMatch&amp;nbsp;conference&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;organization that funds the platforms will receive the registration&amp;nbsp;fees&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;find sponsors to reduce the token registration fee?&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; unlikely to have bandwidth to look for&amp;nbsp;sponsors&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;will need to lean on &lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt; sponsors (&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; has a sponsorship chair on the&amp;nbsp;board)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;see how much &lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt; ended up paying for the platforms at the Assembly (Malin will see if this info is&amp;nbsp;available)&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;registration fee important to get better idea of actual attendance&amp;nbsp;numbers.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="other"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Other&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#other" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.nitrc.org/"&gt;https://www.nitrc.org/&lt;/a&gt; -&amp;gt; add to&amp;nbsp;resources&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Guidelines: add use-cases as&amp;nbsp;examples&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Meeting logs"></category><category term="Community"></category></entry><entry><title>WG meeting 11 August 2022</title><link href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/08/22/wg-meeting-11-august-2022.html" rel="alternate"></link><published>2022-08-22T09:56:53+01:00</published><updated>2022-08-22T09:56:53+01:00</updated><author><name>Ankur Sinha</name></author><id>tag:ocns.github.io,2022-08-22:/SoftwareWG/2022/08/22/wg-meeting-11-august-2022.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p class="first last"&gt;These are the minutes from the working group meeting on 11 August,&amp;nbsp;2022.&lt;/p&gt;
</summary><content type="html">&lt;center&gt;&lt;div class="figure"&gt;
&lt;a class="reference external image-reference" href="#"&gt;
&lt;img alt="Photo by Daria Nepriakhina on Unsplash" class="img-responsive" src="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/images/20210107-meeting-logs.jpg" style="width: 40%;" /&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;p class="caption"&gt;Photo by &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://unsplash.com/&amp;#64;epicantus?utm_source=unsplash&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;amp;amp;utm_content=creditCopyText"&gt;Daria Nepriakhina&lt;/a&gt; on&amp;nbsp;Unsplash.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/center&gt;
&lt;br /&gt;&lt;p&gt;These are the meeting logs (and additional progress notes) from the Software &lt;span class="caps"&gt;WG&lt;/span&gt; meeting that was held on 11th August, 2022.
The next progress meeting will be held &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/pages/contact.html"&gt;in September&lt;/a&gt;.
For any clarifications and suggestions, please open a new&amp;nbsp;ticket.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="attendees"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Attendees&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;0800:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Dinara Issagaliyeva &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.brainsimulation.org/bsw/zwei/home"&gt;Brain Simulation Section &amp;#64;Charite&amp;nbsp;Lab&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Emil Dmitruk: &lt;a class="reference external" href="http://biocomputation.herts.ac.uk/"&gt;Biocomputation&amp;nbsp;Group&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Reema Gupta: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://research.ncl.ac.uk/in2pb/"&gt;In2PrimateBrains&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/yenhanchen3112/"&gt;Yen-Han Chen&lt;/a&gt;&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Psycholinguistic&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Akif Erdem&amp;nbsp;Sağtekin&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;1700&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Ankur&amp;nbsp;Sinha&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Taha Morshedzadeh: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.grifflab.com/"&gt;Krembil Centre for Neuroinformatics&lt;/a&gt;, University of&amp;nbsp;Toronto&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Mandar&amp;nbsp;Patil&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Rahaf Albalkhi:&amp;nbsp;Independent&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="agenda"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Agenda&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;tasks from last meeting: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/07/07/wg-meeting-06-july-2022.html"&gt;https://ocns.github.io/SoftwareWG/2022/07/07/wg-meeting-06-july-2022.html&lt;/a&gt;: No pending&amp;nbsp;items&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;upcoming &lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt; assembly tasks (and help required!)&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://neuroinformatics.incf.org/2022/program"&gt;https://neuroinformatics.incf.org/2022/program&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.alba.network/"&gt;https://www.alba.network/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://www.winrepo.org/"&gt;https://www.winrepo.org/&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Bernstein conference related discussion&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;if you&amp;#8217;re attending the conference, please let others know on this ticket: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareWG/issues/108"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareWG/issues/108&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;satellite tutorial follow ups&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;nothing new to report at the&amp;nbsp;moment&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;to be discussed again in next meeting when data from feedback from is&amp;nbsp;available&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;pending tasks/issue follow ups&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;guidelines &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/OCNS/SoftwareDevelopmentGuidelines"&gt;https://github.com/&lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt;/SoftwareDevelopmentGuidelines&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;plans for more dev sessions/software highlights/tutorials&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;lots of events in the&amp;nbsp;pipeline&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="other-general-notes"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Other general notes&lt;a class="headerlink" href="#other-general-notes" title="Permalink to this headline"&gt;⋆&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;There should be links to the tutorials + resources on the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;OCNS&lt;/span&gt; website: prominent link to the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;INCF&lt;/span&gt; training space, for&amp;nbsp;example&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Confirmation of need for reminders for satellite&amp;nbsp;tutorials&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;CNS&lt;/span&gt;*2022 satellite tutorials feedback form link: &lt;a class="reference external" href="https://framaforms.org/cns2022-online-satellite-tutorials-feedback-form-1659102112"&gt;https://framaforms.org/cns2022-online-satellite-tutorials-feedback-form-1659102112&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</content><category term="Events"></category><category term="Meeting logs"></category><category term="Community"></category></entry></feed>